Update installing-ssma-for-db2-client-db2tosql.md (#9482)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/ssma/db2/installing-ssma-for-db2-client-db2tosql.md

## Prerequisites

> SSMA is designed to work with DB2 on z/OS version 9.0 and 10.0 or later versions, DB2 on LUW version 9.8 and 10.1 or later versions, DB2 for i version 7.1 or greater and [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] 2012 or later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSMA is designed to work with DB2 on z/OS version 9.0, 10.0, and later versions, DB2 on LUW version 9.8, 10.1, and later versions, DB2 for i version 7.1 and later versions, and [!INCLUDE [sssql11-md](../../includes/sssql11-md.md)] and later versions.
```
